---
layout: single
title: "데이터 정제"
---

* FCE

<pre>
  <code>
    {"text": "13th June 2000\n\nDear Ms Helen Ryan\n\nCompetition Organiser\n\nI have just recieved the letter, which lets me know that I have won the first prize. I am proud of winning it and would like to say how thankful I am. I am therefore writing to give you my further information.\n\nFirst of all, I am a student and would like to travel in July. Because I intend to take  examination in Septenber. So I can afford to go on holiday only in July. Secondly, I would prefer to stay at log cabins rather than tents. It will be my first time to experience to stay there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried.\n\nThe next consideration is the activities. Actually, I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident of it. And nowadays, I have been practicing tennis as  school activity. Therefore I would like to choose basketball and tennis.\n\nFinally, I am considering about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need. I would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information.\n\nI look forward to hearing from you.\n\nYours sincerely,", "age": "26-30", "q": "1", "script-s": "27", "edits": [[0, [[71, 79, "received", "S"], [195, 203, "grateful", "RJ"], [333, 340, "This is because", "M"], [358, 358, "an", "MD"], [374, 383, "September", "S"], [465, 467, "in", "RT"], [523, 536, "experiencing", "FV"], [537, 544, "staying", "FV"], [730, 732, "at", "RT"], [741, 749, "recently", "RY"], [763, 773, "practising", "SA"], [784, 784, "a", "MD"], [873, 884, "wondering", "RV"], [1001, 1010, null, "DJ"]]]], "l1": "ja", "id": "TR27*0100*2000*01", "answer-s": "4.3"}
  </code>
</pre>

<pre>
  <code>
S I have just recieved the letter , which lets me know that I have won the first prize .
A 3 4|||R:SPELL|||received|||REQUIRED|||-NONE-|||0
  </code>
</pre>
